Transcript of: novus-tenant-migration-status-12-23-25.m4a
Generated: 2025-12-23T10:53:42.522710
Model: Whisper base
Duration: 2117.1 seconds (35.3 minutes)
Word count: 5,495
Processing time: 173.1 seconds
Speed: 12.2x realtime
------------------------------------------------------------

Let's let's I appreciate that you have updates. Let's let's start back to be ending because I wasn't in yesterday and I wasn't able to follow what was going on. So talk me through what. What caught us off guard. I think that's the thing I'm most curious about. I had not. So the this is the first time we're doing one where the local 80 was so our local active directory was so in tangled with environment like cinder had one, but there was only like one or two user accounts to rest the data info was pretty much a hundred percent or let's say 98% cloud based. What is here in no this. Since their hybrid active directory like over the weekend. Paul and I had an issue removing the Nova Stumane still because what worked for cinder didn't work for no. Because in the past we already had old and you rebaked in you know and then in the cutover all we had to do is remove the old teams and remain and switch everybody over here because it's of the hybrid active directory environment. We couldn't just remove no this so we had to remove the one that we created old novice first everybody switched over and then you know then remove novice next get everybody switched over just to know this labs on Microsoft calm and then go to then add all novice after everybody's moved over and after all the other demands was gone because it was complaining about a parent domain and a sub domain being together and not allowing Microsoft not allowing that to happen you couldn't remove the parent domain. With a sub domain in there already because of the hybrid join piece whereas in team center. Yeah we didn't have to do that at all and so which means you have to which means you have to blow away the old novice before you could perform on day basically. Correct so I had to blow away the old novice on Sunday blow away the novice labs and then after everybody's back to the default novice labs that on Microsoft calm then I could add old novice again and then switch everybody over. And because of the kind of the same thing with the hybrid join AD piece it's still. We have to do some work around to try to get it to connect to the new tenant basically it's still preferring the old tenant. I tend to find a workaround when I was working with Aaron late yesterday. I mistakenly put an extra character in his letter under Z-modress and couldn't find the account. Because every time I put Aaron Ackens at Novislavs.com, it just auto-signs him into the old account without even letting me look for the old one. And after clearing his cash, his storage on the app. Even on laptop? Yeah, even it's worse on the laptops because depending if some of their computers are still joined to the old or the active director here until we could get him when you laptop or whatnot. And so I know this happened to you even months after work. Sometimes old standard will still show up every now and then. So that's what's happening at the moment. Okay. And so if they have a new laptop, if they were given a new laptop since September, they still have an issue because you had to because of the change you had to make with the team. It seems to work better with those folks. I do have one Jeffrey Fructeur, I believe, where he's got, I think he's got a new laptop. But I was able to get him back to new teams, new one drive, but his mailbox was still giving him trouble. So he's on Outlook webmail right now. He's supposed to stop by later today and see if we could do this work around to force the thing for him to get him on to the new tenant first. I'll look best off. Okay. Do you have all of the new laptops at Novus today if people wanted them? I have a stack of them. Okay. I want to three, four, five, six, so I have about seven or eight, seven, but potentially. Okay. I was in a meeting yesterday around 11 with some of the other Novus managers and I've mentioned this to Tim, but it sounds like not everybody on the list that they gave actually got a new laptop. So we should probably before too much time passes, figure out who actually has a new laptop and who still needs one. Yeah. I think that's after we get everybody either limping along or fully set up. Let's definitely my recommendations. You know, even get a couple people started today if they have availability or next week or you know, and hit this roaring on January, first week of January, just push it harder with this. If you're still having issues, this is the fix. The thing says get in your laptop like we've been telling. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. The other thing is there's some question about who actually got the laptop. New credentials and who didn't. So for example, I have a novice account. And all of my novice emails, as far as I know, is forwarded to my vital enterprises email now. The only email that I received about this conversion was sent on Sunday, as far as I can tell. So do we know if everybody who had an active account actually just got a, they got active credentials and got notified this was happening? So we did an all novice email on Thursday and we sent the accounts on Thursday. However, I had to create some accounts on Sunday, which I sent that out. But those, some of those folks are actually most of those folks are like the VE folks. Right. Okay. So I sent them to their, you know, VTM group addresses like Nikolai, because their accounts were not in the active directory. They're a cloud only account. So Okay. So that one's a little easier then. Yeah. Yeah. And you have another email to send to. I think one of the, probably one of the bigger pain points it seems to me right now is that the novice folks that today can't get into their email, how are you going to communicate with them? Correct. So that's my, but my, my next worry right now after we get the leadership folks up and running or at least limping for some, some cases is, yeah, those remote users that are like we don't have a way to contact of. I did talk to Aaron and he mentioned that for his he has an alternate email in the phone numbers. So, but then he mentioned Josh had a few as well. So, uh, me and team could reach out to both of them and just say, please send this, you know, you're, or even just to the ops team, if you have a remote user, please send this potentially their alternate contact info if you have it so that we could just make sure they're, you know, working to go. I know with the holidays too, you know, if people are off that, yeah, can, um, that, you know, delay support until until, until, right, until, when I'm going to make people call in on vacation, just, yeah, exactly. So, but yeah, so that's, that's my backup plan or at least to attempt to reach out to those folks to, to let them know that, hey, if you're having issues, this is the way to reach us and we could look to work with you. Okay. Do we have a, do we have a single list that shows us all active novice users that we can sort of work through and make sure that we know each one has been verified? We have it the, the one on That's a good question because we have a list on the VTM tenant side right because we could export just the domains with nilvislabs.com. Yeah. So that could be our potential list and then yeah and release you that. And that way at least you'll because what I think is going to happen here real soon is we're going to have to make sure that the novice operations team at a minimum has sort of a daily update on where we're at. And I recognize we're about to hit a holiday. So like daily update and like I understand all the challenges that so I'm just saying high level. Right. Right needs to be able to we need to build a communicate that we know the status as opposed to we're just hoping people who are having problems come into the IT room. Right. And I think that should include a list of who's on site and who's off site. It should include understanding like what vacations are in. So I can help build that part. If I can if you can get me an initial list, I can follow up with each of the managers and find out who's on vacation and who's on site. We can work backwards from that. Okay. I get that exported and sent over. Okay. So let's move forward then. So separate from what's going on with people accessing their accounts like email and one drive and teams and that sort of stuff. How are you feeling about the actual state of all of the data? Do you feel like we have that in a relatively secure situation? Yeah, data wise. That went well. Okay. The SharePoint move. Well, I'll talk about SharePoint a little bit later, but in a little bit, but else, but yeah, the SharePoint data was all is all fixed. And there was a couple of places where once they got to the right SharePoint link, we confirmed people had the right access. One example is when I forget his name, Matthew, right? Matthew Troop, where he was missing a bunch of his Excel files for a project and it was all at SharePoint. And as soon as he logged into the new tenant SharePoint main site, he saw what he had access to and was able to get to what he needed and, you know, I think that his that those Excel files was exactly what he was looking for and better than we had it on local. So I believe that piece is working based on the people. So it's just getting to the. Yeah, yeah, yeah. All right. That's really that's good. Yeah, and nice. We just Tim sent out yesterday the new links to the SharePoint. So here's the old link, here's the new link. It's kind of like an Excel sheet so that hopefully they could disseminate that to their teams as far as, if you need data at the garage site, here's the new link to the garage site. Okay, so are you, does that suggest that you are actively sending emails to the new Novus emails? I am, so when while working with users, I would do send test messages and have them replied to it just to make sure email was working both ways once they get into their new account. So, okay. So that part is part of my, our verification process to make sure email is working. Okay, and then I think you just said that Tim sent out a mail mapping old SharePoint, a new SharePoint, who'd that mail go to? Operations that. Which is the new operation? Correct, the new operation that. Okay, all right. I am not a priority, but I, I'm not seeing those emails because I'm not getting my Novus mail. And so I, I'm a little, I'm, you may already be doing some communication that I'm not seeing, but anybody that hasn't yet gotten their new credentials isn't seeing it, right? Right, right. So that's the example. Ashley does not have any credentials for her Novus account. And my understanding is Perry and Jesse are not able to log in. And they are trying to communicate as Novus to schedule interviews and that sort of thing. Okay, I will make sure. Does, yeah, Perry, I believe I sent on Sunday because he was one of the users to. Actually, let me take that back. It sound like Perry might have come up with a workaround. Okay. But yeah, I will reach out to Ashley on her team, send her email and just give her. Password stuff. Okay, all right. Tim, let's go back to what you were saying before because you were clarifying sort of where. The, what the workflow needs to be in order to get past where you're stuck. It sounded like if I understand correctly, people are able to log into the website with their credentials, that right? Yeah, so everybody that has a new, you know, that step has been a step. But everyone who's gotten their hands on their new login credentials has been able to successfully log in. Okay. So that's encouraging. The true workaround right now is just the. Local apps. What I've run into, there's a long explanation of why this is occurring, but basically what I've run into to put it simply is that outlook on our laptops is not actually communicating properly with the, like this. the NDS is complete, but it's not actually talking to Microsoft and getting the new Sauthors record or where Nova Slaps is right now. So our workaround process is to figure out like how to force it to check again because right now it's just leaning on its tokens. So outside of removing and reinstalling office for everyone, which may be the next step, I'm trying to find a way where I can just provide an instruction set of these things to do or click on that allows the users to, you know, self-help as far as working on this morning. But I think I have that knell down for the most part. Like I said, I'm just running through one more test using myself as a test mule. And if it works, I will send down instructions to everyone on what to do there for Windows users. The other problem is we have quite a few users that are Mac users. There's more Mac. Mac. Really? Yeah. So there's of course a few people we have an operations team, but there are actually users that are on different projects. They're using Macs as well, primarily. So I've got to, since I don't have a Mac on hand to test myself, I'm going to just set one up and test. But yeah. And I have one, I have actually have two here. So I I'm happy to help be part of that testing when you're ready. Okay. Okay. So you absolutely may have already tried, but I'm about to say so I apologize if this is something you already know. But one of the key a-haws that I had when we did the Cinder 1 back in March, because I kept trying to just say, well connect to Paul and TeamCinder and go get my email and it would always show up as old TeamCinder was to switch to the, I forget the exact path, but it's the one that includes the words on Microsoft in the actual server name. And it was something like, you know, Paul at temp.onmicrosoft.com or whatever that was. And in using that, I actually did get a consistent, like it would stop trying to use my old tokens and it would start using the new server. That did appear to work. Is that part of what you're also working on? I have not done that, but yeah, that makes sense. I could do that for novice users. Of course, it's just I've tried to stay or stray away from that because this one looks very weird for them because the authoritative record on Microsoft account on this tenant is VTM. Local. Right. I was trying to avoid that confusion, but yeah, that would work. You're right. Yeah, it would work. Yeah, I did have a brief conversation with Chad yesterday where he actually was pretty level-headed. And he even said he understood that it was going to say VTM group for now until we change it to vital enterprises. And so, um, good job on whoever explained that to him. He definitely seemed to get it. I think, I think Sam took the brunt of that. Oh, I'll give those. Yeah, I was just talking to the chat. Brian was in here yelling. And I was just, I kind of just hugged the wall and say, I'm a standing right in front of him. Yeah. And then I spoke to Chad right before I left to just see kind of see if we make sure he has what other concerns you may have and kind of give him a status where we're at on who we worked with. And hold on. All right, go ahead. My dog's my bark here in a second. Sorry about that. OK. Now I did talk to Chad afterwards as well right before I left to kind of go over where we're a little bit of status, see what other concerns you may have. And then so I think that helps me with some things over. Yeah. And he was also very helpful in his feedback as well as kind of calming us down as well. Because, you know, both him and I were, you know, a bit frazzled as well. And he was like, yeah, don't worry about it. I think that's what you guys will work through it. We'll get through it together and we totally understood this is going to happen because it can be a mess. So that was definitely appreciated. Yeah, I definitely want to talk about conversation over the course of the year telling him this was going to be rocky, but it's always different when you're actually in the middle of it, right? Yeah, right. Yeah, I think I'm going to run with your plan and people are just going to have to deal. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Of VTM, local, whatever it's called, VTM.on Microsoft as the domain of authority record, or just getting people in that would fix it. That would fast track. Yes. What I'm unsure of and I have to look into it on, well, if you remember how it works, Paul, is once you get in, is it going to show the correct domain name or are you going to fix your email? Yeah. This is a really good question. Yeah. Here's what my recollection is is that when I sent after I was logged in as that, it actually showed up correctly. Okay. But we should definitely test that a little bit this morning before going forward. And then for me, what ultimately ended up being sort of the breaking point was like, just I had to wipe the OSs on the machines because they were, you know, just still janky. But after a couple days, for sure, I was able to switch back to just using TeamCinder for a login. So I didn't stay forever that way. Okay. That's good news. But let's, yeah, actually, when you get into a spot, Tim, where you want to test that, I can certainly test it on a Mac or a... even on my machine here, and we can get some testing going back and forth to make that shows up correctly. The two things I've seen, and I'm sure you've seen this as well, are one, I've seen a bunch of Kato updates that look like they're novice users. So that made me think, oh, novice users were using their email addresses for logging into the network, is that what the deal and that was? Yes, that should be right. So those users added, I know Brett added everybody a couple weeks ago. Right. And so, yeah, if they're popping up with notifications, that means that they're finally logging into it for the first time. Ah, okay. All right. And then the other thing I was seeing was, you know, those quarantine emails, I have seen quite a few quarantine emails from novice people that are like the on Microsoft, like novicelabs.onmicrosoft.com. For example, I got a mail from Josh Hancock at novicelabs.onmicrosoft.com. I don't know if that's a real address or not, but that does, at least that looking at that right now, that does not have VTX. When did that one come in? What day was that? This is all yesterday. I got quite a few quarantine messages where the domain is at novicelabs.onmicrosoft.com. That's weird because those were, if it's novicelabs.onmicrosoft.com, those are from the old tenant and that, that tenant does not have WAAM anymore, so it can't send an email. It's actually weird. Yeah. Well, I have this weird calendar invite turned off from my notes. I can't, I can't get into exchange online from the old tenant anymore. So I'm thinking that communication has been turned off. Well, all that novicelabs.com, you could still use because yeah. Yeah, I'm sorry. Yeah, because that is a verified domain. I breached it. Anyway, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. I have a weird calendar item that every time that I change anything to it, I get about 75 RSVPs from novice operations, individuals. And so several of them that came in yesterday when I canceled the meeting for, I don't know if I canceled it, but anyway, I got a whole bunch of mail from all the novicelabs.on Microsoft. So we need to figure out why they're being quarantined. And actually, I'm going to forward this to you Tim and Samuously have it. I'll send it to your vital, virtual VTM. Yeah. Okay. I might just need to whitelist that, yeah. Why aren't you being quarantined? That doesn't make any sense. The quarantine, the quarantines come from Microsoft and Microsoft knows that that's an authoritative domain name. So that makes no sense. Okay, just Microsoft, yeah. That's Microsoft, yeah. Okay, so one thing that I just wanna flag as, or two things I'd like to flag as what we, what I think there's room for us to improve today. One is, if you're sending males to people and they can't get to their males, that we need a secondary communication path. And so one idea is to even put a sign up at the front desk with Michael or in the cafes that says, you know, here's what's going on. We know that you might not be in your email. You know, go to this web page that'll help you or come see us in the IT room, something like that, just so that people know that there's a communication path. And then the second thing is, I actually am glad that we are not bombarding the text message shame with all sorts of communication. I think that's the right call. But we need a, we need sort of a single source of truth about where we are with what's going on, which let me think the best place to put that. We probably can't add a new page off the Novice Labs website. Did you get my, are my email, I mean, sorry, are my text messages updates coming through? I got, basically I got the one, two from yesterday that said come talk to us. And then I got the one from this morning. Okay, good, good. Said we're still having issues. So those were the, okay, and then I got, I don't know what Josh Hancock's mail was. I don't know what the phone number that is, but it's not his. That is that's John's phone number. John was trying to reach me. I reset the John this way. John, John stop by. Tell me, hey, make sure you talk John. John, yeah, yeah. Got it, okay. Yeah, so. So I think the main thing I'd like to have today is we had a thing about where could we host? You know what we could do? I'm just trying to think of the fastest way to get a webpage up that gives us some information. So I have this AI ready PDFs and it doesn't require anybody to edit it but me. I could create a, like a tiny URL that's basically like tiny URL, Novus tenant migration or tiny URL, Novus network or something like that and just point it to a sub domain on that. I already. So people can get information because we can't but we can't assume they can get to SharePoint. We can't assume that we can update one of the existing public websites like knowislab.com or whatever. But we need a way to tell people what's going on. You know what I'm saying? Do you have a better idea? Is there a better idea? I'm sure there must be. I don't know if there's a better idea that the only thing I could think of is I could give them a page on zero. But that's an alternate. It's not better. Yeah, and would it require a login? Yes. Yeah. Yeah, they have to have a user account but customer account. So yeah, I think your idea is better. I said it wasn't better. I'm a profista, right? Yeah, it doesn't have to be better. It doesn't have to be better. But it needs to be something we own and we can update quickly. If it's a page that just says like here's the key things we know. So, okay, so just so we're clear on the key things we know. One, we believe that SharePoint data is securely migrated and as people gain access to their accounts they will be able to access all the stuff that's in SharePoint OneDrive. So that's the first thing I think is key. You know, it's super stable by the way. That that that that data is there like Sam said earlier. Yeah, it's there. Okay. And if that has access to it previously, they have access to it now. There should be no problems as long as they know the path. Okay. Second thing is we believe that if they have their credentials, they should be able to log in through Outlook.com. Is that the page we're sending people to? Yeah. All right. Just go to office.com to be safe to office.com. Log in there. Click on apps and you'll see all your all the office apps that you have access to. All the web apps. Okay. So that's that second thing. Third thing is we are tracking at a per user level to make sure that we have synced up with each user and confirm that they are able to get their email. If they are not able to, please let us know. We'll make sure that we are prioritizing getting back to them. And Sam, you can send me a list of accounts. Yep. Okay. Don't send it to my novice because I can't get to it. We also want to communicate. We have new laptops and we think that that can be helpful. So if anybody still has their old laptops, stop by the IT room and get a new laptop. And then maybe a note, Tim, that we're like working up the final details on making sure that anybody that's running on a Mac has access to all their content as well. Okay. Any other key things you'd want documented on that website? I have a call out regarding Team Shats. So that wasn't part of the move. Okay. I've come across a couple people that are saying, you know, you know, asking about that. And the challenge with that one is that it was a higher level license and. And so instead of the like the 15 20 bucks per user for that, it was twice as much. It was like $57 if you want to include Team Shats. Now, if so, I was going to check in with Chad, let me know that, you know, we've got a couple of people have talked about Team Shats. Here's what it will pass if you want to do it. And then see what he says. The other potential backup plan is I just checked earlier today. And they have so they have 16 teams only in their old in the in the tenets. So and that's 50 bucks per team to do to get the history. So we could potentially, if that's needed, if some of those are client facing, you know, that we, that, you know, still could be done and added her team bases, as well as, you know, if there's certain users that can solve for talker or anybody else that that really needs that stuff, we could do that on a per user basis as well. But, you know, it was just that at $57 at 100 users to, you know, that. Yeah, we don't agree with that. So that's where I just want to call that out. And then, like I said, yeah, I'll have to check in to see how much, how much chat tick that's important. And then we'll go from there. It's probably a per person level to like maybe for instance, aches and sparks are really important. But, you know, right, right, right, right, right, right, right. Granniehan, not, are you pretty confident that you still have access to that if you paid the more money? Correct. I do. Okay. So you could be done after the fact, but it's, yeah, it's just. Yeah. And so it's, I would bet the operations folks are probably the ones that are most important of the operations team are all of them able to get their email now. I'm working with talking now. But so he's on his webmail for now. I'm trying to get his on his outlook, but kind of having similar issues. But everybody, everybody in operations that least on webmail. I believe so. John, you got taken care of? Yeah, John's on this morning. Okay. I got a, I checked in with Bryce, I sent him a text. I didn't get a response, but potentially no news is good news, because I just asked him if he was having issues, like contact us. So, but yeah, well, that's the only one that I haven't. fully confirmed it directly, you know, limping along with everything. How are you contacting people like Bryce? I got his text or his mobile from Aaron or Eric, one of the two. Okay, all right. Yeah. So yeah, so that's one way. Okay. All right. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to talk with Chad. I'm going to put a webpage together real quick. It won't be fancy, but it will have a nervous brand. And then we can just check in periodically, make sure that we're updating it with whatever the latest information is. The goal is not to give like a six paragraph update. The goal is just to have a URL. We can online status. Yeah, the moton, let everybody know what's going on. Couple of key points. That sort of stuff. Can you just add in a potential suggestion? Yeah. Could you potentially put a contact form in there? I can definitely put a contact form in there and just say, Hey, if you're having issues still and you know, are any of you to use your notice lab's email? Please reach out here and then it'll have it go to, you know, and put a number. Yeah, number of personally, or an alternate, yeah, exactly an alternate email address. So that could potentially. For those remote folks, you know, could get. I think I can get that up before 1030. And so what I'll do is I'll get it up. I'll have you both review it before noon and then we can send it to the whole operations team. As close to noon as possible and then just like check in again, maybe at four and update whatever three, whatever, you know, based on what we're learning so far on the day. Sounds good. All right. Okay. All right. Anything else either of you need for me? No. Prior to the Microsoft. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I want to say something is earlier. For your prayers. Yeah, you got it. You got it. That I can do. Let us work and use it. Totally. All right. Let's check in again. Let's say around 230. Yeah. Okay. All right. I'll check in with you then. Thanks for it. Yeah. Bye.